feat(sui): new operators script (#272)
axelarnetwork/axelar-contract-deployments: sui/README.md

node sui/gas-service.js payGas --amount 0.1 ethereum 0x6f24A47Fc8AE5441Eb47EFfC3665e70e69Ac3F05 0xba76c6980428A0b10CFC5d8ccb61949677A61233 0x1234
```

Collect gas:

Conditions:

> - The `GasCollectorCap` must be stored in the operator contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `GasCollectorCap` must be stored in the gas service object config.
```
This should be saved in the config under the GasService objects (if it's not already being saved), and operators script should read from it instead of needing a copy.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I meant the `store_cap` in Operators contract must be called first.

> - The sender must holds the `Operator` object.

Reviewer: `Operators` is a shared object so everyone can refer it. What you might have meant is that the sender needs to be an operator, i.e hold an `OperatorCap`
```suggestion
- The sender must be a whitelisted operator and hold the `OperatorCap` capability.
```

Collect gas:

Conditions:

> - The `GasCollectorCap` must be stored in the gas service object config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `GasCollectorCap` object id is read from the chain config, under gas service objects.
- The `GasCollectorCap` object must have been stored in the Operators contract via `store_cap` by the previous owner.
```
since that's what you were going for before
